well howdy there internet people it's
both young so today we got to talk about
a joke and when a joke isn't a joke when
it's coming from the president
don't worry I'll pardon you it's a scary
phrase that is a scary phrase now even
his supporters they're not saying that
this wasn't said they're saying that it
was just a joke just a joke of course of
course it was just a joke
in what context because I've been
sitting here thinking trying to come up
with a scenario in which the President
of the United States would say that that
wasn't immediately proceeded by him
advocating something that was illegal or
at least so ambiguous in nature that his
aides were worried they'd get indicted
so maybe it's not illegal but it's right
on the line it's probably unethical to
say the very least it's the only time I
can see it being said as a joke let's
take the other stuff in the conversation
to look at that real quick take the land
just take it okay he has a history of
using eminent domain as a real estate
developer he has a history of using this
skirting environmental regulations
everything else in the conversation it's
not a joke it's not a joke he has a
track record of it how can we assume
that don't worry I'll pardon you is a
joke that's not the logical conclusion
in any way shape or form it's not he has
a history of doing all of this stuff
let's place this in another context
let's say governor says hey go kill this
guy I'll pardon you what about a
pharmaceutical company talking to a
doctor maybe those research results need
to be a little bit different don't worry
we'll pay your lawyers and we got a real
cush job for you
hey I just need you to move this product
for me a lot of money in it for you it's
not a joke it's an inducement to commit
a crime
it's an overt act in furtherance of a
criminal conspiracy I'll pay your
lawyers he said that too before hasn't
he see this is a very dangerous joke
this is the president undermining the
rule of law and I know we're saying that
that's nothing new coming from this
administration he has subverted the
Constitution he's undermined a lot of a
lot of the law that that's not a new
thing
but this is different because it's the
entire law all of it it places agents of
the Trump regime above the law for
anything as long as they're doing what
he says Democrats up to this point have
been very reluctant to impeach political
reasons and I understand that I
understand the the optics involved and I
agreed for a different reason I felt
that it was important to the
demographics that Trump attacked
directly I felt it was important for
them to see him just crushed at the
polls so they would know that that's not
really what the average American wants
that those people that voted for him the
first time some of them just fell for
stupid rhetoric and some of them just
voted because they didn't like Hillary
but they didn't really want that
I thought that would be really good for
reuniting the country we may be beyond
that now we may be beyond that because
subversion of the rule of law at this
level and it's dangerous it is dangerous
because it is across the board and it
trickles down in thought if his aides
think this their age think it and it
goes down through all of these federal
agencies and then all of the things that
Trump says just as a joke well they
become de facto policy because the
message here is do what I say you'll
keep your job you won't be punished and
nobody can stop you and that kind of
power is intoxicating and it will be
used and abused
don't worry I'll pardon you it said
before the crime commits is committed
it's very very dangerous and to those
people in his administration and in
these agencies I've played this version
of musical chairs before and I'll just
tell you right now if you're not a
headline name if you're not a person
that's in the news already when the
music stops and this administration will
stop when it's over you're the one that
doesn't have a chair you're not gonna
get pardoned you won't
they will all those people asking you to
do stuff they'll get pardoned you know
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day